docs(button): updated button docs for accessibility (#5281)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: packages/button/close-button.md

<sp-tabs selected="attribute" auto label="Labelling a button">
<sp-tab value="slot">Default slot</sp-tab>
<sp-tab-panel value="slot">

```html demo
<sp-close-button>Close</sp-close-button>
```

</sp-tab-panel>
<sp-tab value="attribute">Label attribute</sp-tab>
<sp-tab-panel value="attribute">

```html demo
<sp-close-button label="Close"></sp-close-button>
```

</sp-tab-panel>
</sp-tabs>

### Options

#### Sizes

<sp-tabs selected="m" auto label="Size attribute options">
<sp-tab value="s">Small</sp-tab>
<sp-tab-panel value="s">

```html demo
<sp-close-button size="s">Small</sp-close-button>
```

</sp-tab-panel>
<sp-tab value="m">Medium</sp-tab>
<sp-tab-panel value="m">

```html demo
<sp-close-button size="m">Medium</sp-close-button>
```

</sp-tab-panel>
<sp-tab value="l">Large</sp-tab>
<sp-tab-panel value="l">

```html demo
<sp-close-button size="l">Large</sp-close-button>
```

</sp-tab-panel>
<sp-tab value="xl">Extra Large</sp-tab>
<sp-tab-panel value="xl">

```html demo
<sp-close-button size="xl">Extra Large</sp-close-button>
```

</sp-tab-panel>
</sp-tabs>

### States

> In addition to the variant, `<sp-close-button>` elements support two different visual states, disabled and pending, which can be applied by adding the attribute `disabled` or `pending` respectively. All `<sp-close-button>` variants support these states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the variant, `<sp-close-button>` element supports two different visual states, `disabled` and `pending`, which can be applied by adding the attribute `disabled` or `pending` respectively. All `<sp-close-button>` variants support these states.
```

#### Disabled

While disabled, `<sp-close-button>` elements will not respond to click events and will appear faded.

```html
<sp-button-group>
    <sp-close-button>Normal</sp-close-button>
    <sp-close-button disabled>Disabled</sp-close-button>
</sp-button-group>
```

### Behaviors

#### Handling events

Events handlers for clicks and other user actions can be registered on a
`<sp-close-button>` as one would on a standard HTML `<button>` element.

```html
<sp-close-button onclick="spAlert(this, '<sp-close-button> clicked!')">
    Click me
</sp-close-button>
```

#### Autofocus

The `autofocus` attribute sets focus on the `<sp-close-button>` when the component

> mounts. This is useful for setting focus to a specific sp-close-button when a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mounts. This is useful for setting focus to a specific `sp-close-button` when a
```
